feat(cli): Docker-based dev environment (#2286)
shopware/docs: guides/installation/project-overview.md

## Development tooling

> The Docker setup provisions Shopware for development. The recommended way to manage your environment is through the [Development Environment](../development/dev-environment.md) dashboard (`shopware-cli project dev`), which provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker setup provisions Shopware for development. The recommended way to manage your environment is through the [Development Environment](../development/dev-environment.md) terminal user interface (TUI), available via `shopware-cli project dev`. It provides:
```

> The Docker setup provisions Shopware for development. The recommended way to manage your environment is through the [Development Environment](../development/dev-environment.md) terminal user interface (TUI), available via `shopware-cli project dev`. It provides:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Docker setup provisions Shopware for development. The recommended way to manage your environment is through the [Development Environment](../development/dev-environment.md) TUI, available via `shopware-cli project dev`. It provides:
```
